jh update developer guide (#96)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F14-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

_{Explain here how the data archiving feature will be implemented}_

### Interview Feature

#### Implementation

The `Interview` feature acts as one of the fields under `Application`. `Interview` itself contains four different compulsory fields in order to let Interview exist, which are `Round`, `InterviewDate`, `InterviewTime` and `Location`.

The class diagram is as follows:
![ApplicationClassDiagram](images/ApplicationClassDiagram.png)

Since an `Application` can have either zero or one `Interview`, hence `Interview` is wrapped with `Optional` class, with `Optional.empty()` assigned to the `Interview` field if the `Application` does not have an interview yet.

New commands are added to facilitate the operations of `Interview`.
- `AddInterviewCommand` : Utilising `ApplicationBook#setApplication()` to assign new `Interview` to `Application`.
- `DeleteInterviewCommand` : Utilising `ApplicationBook#setApplication()` to reset `Interview` to empty in an `Application`.

> 1. The user enter the `interview 2 ir/Technical interview id/2022-10-12 it/1400 il/Zoom` to assign new Interview to the labelled "2" Application in the application list. The execution prompts the `LogicManager` to parse the command to the `AplicationBookParser`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The user enters `interview 2 ir/Technical interview id/2022-10-12 it/1400 il/Zoom` to assign a new Interview to the Application at index 2 in the application list. The execution prompts the `LogicManager` to call the `ApplicationBookParser#parseCommand(String)` method.
```

> 2. The ApplicationBookParser then identify the corresponding `AddInterviewCommandParser` to create. Then, the corresponding interview sub-fields are used to instantiate new `Interview`, which in turn is used to create new `AddInterviewCommand`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The ApplicationBookParser then identifies the corresponding `AddInterviewCommandParser` to create. Then, the corresponding interview sub-fields are used to instantiate new `Interview`, which in turn is used to create new `AddInterviewCommand`.
```
Probably doesn't matter though 😅

> 3. The LogicManager executes the returned `AddInterviewCommand`. In here, the target application is retrieve from the `ApplicationBook` to create another new `Application` with the `Interview`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. The LogicManager executes the returned `AddInterviewCommand`. In here, the target application is retrieved from the `ApplicationBook` to create another new `Application` with the `Interview`.
```

> 3. The LogicManager executes the returned `AddInterviewCommand`. In here, the target application is retrieved from the `ApplicationBook` to create another new `Application` with the `Interview`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The LogicManager executes the returned `AddInterviewCommand` object. In here, the target application is retrieved from the `ApplicationBook` to create another new `Application` with the corresponding `Interview`.
```

> 4. Now, we replace the old `Application` with the newly created `Application`. But before that, the `ApplicationBook#setApplication()` goes through checks to ensure the `ApplicationBook` does not contain duplicated `Interview`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now, we replace the old `Application` object with the newly created `Application` object. But before that, the `ApplicationBook#setApplication()` goes through checks to ensure the `ApplicationBook` does not contain duplicated `Interview`. (The meaning of `duplicated Interview` is discussed in the **Constraints of Interview** section below.)
```

what does the `duplicated Interview` mean - is it the one where we discussed any interview within 1 or 2 hours? Perhaps can make it clearer? 

Edit:  I just realised you mentioned the meaning of duplicate interview under **constraints of interview** below. I included a suggested change so readers are aware of this

> 5. Once the check is passed, the `ApplicationBook` successfully replaced the `Application`, hence it now contain the `Application` with `Interview`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Once the check is passed, the `ApplicationBook` successfully replaces the `Application`, hence it now contains the `Application` with `Interview`.
```

> 5. Once the check is passed, the `ApplicationBook` successfully replaces the `Application`, hence it now contains the `Application` with `Interview`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once the check is passed, the `ApplicationBook` successfully replaces the old `Application` object, hence it now contains the updated `Application` object with `Interview`.
```

> 6. The `DeleteInterview` operation with command `remove-i 3` has the similar implementation as the `AddInterview` operation, but new `Application` with empty `Interview` is used to replace the old `Application` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The `DeleteInterview` operation with command `remove-i 3` has a similar implementation as the `AddInterview` operation, but a new `Application` object with empty `Interview` is used to replace the old `Application` object instead.
```

The sequence diagram is as follows:

> ![AddInterviewSequenceDiagram](images/AddInterviewSequenceDiagram.png)

Reviewer: nice diagram 👍 

just 2 things
1. I'm not sure the `ApplicationBook` object self-invocates the `setApplication()` method on itself. I cross-checked with your other pull request and it seems that it's actually calling the `setApplication()` method of the `UniqueApplicationList` object instead?
2. Since you indicated garbage collection for `AddInterviewCommand` object, maybe indicate the same for `AddInterviewCommandParser` object for consistency?

Author: 1. Indeed, it calls the `setApplication()` method of the `UniqueApplicationList`, but noting from the guide, we can omit repetitive steps. So in this case, I just removed the self-invocation, omitting the calling of `setApplication()` of the `UniqueApplicationList`.

2. Thanks for the suggestion!

#### Constraints of Interview:

> In order to have the Interview fields to make sense, several constraints are added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the Interview fields to make sense, several constraints are added:
```

1. `InterviewDate` must be after the `Application` applied `Date`, else `InvalidInterviewException` will be thrown.
2. `Interview` duration is set to be one hour long for each `Interview`.
3. Two Interviews are considered duplicates if they have the same `InterviewDate` and overlapping `InterviewTime`, then `DuplicateInterviewException` will be thrown.

> 4. New `Interview` is allowed to override the current `Interview` that is already assign to an Application, this can be considered as `EditInterview` feature, but we did not explicitly write out this feature, the `AddInterviewCommand` can be reused here instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. New `Interview` is allowed to override the current `Interview` that is already assigned to an `Application`, this can be considered as `EditInterview` feature, but we did not explicitly write out this feature, the `AddInterviewCommand` can be reused here instead.
```

> 4. New `Interview` is allowed to override the current `Interview` that is already assigned to an `Application`, this can be considered as `EditInterview` feature, but we did not explicitly write out this feature, the `AddInterviewCommand` can be reused here instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. New `Interview` is allowed to overwrite the current `Interview` that is already assigned to an `Application`. This can be considered as an `EditInterview` feature, but we did not explicitly write out this feature as the `AddInterviewCommand` can be reused here instead.
```
